YouTube gangster boy junior once again
and now I'm gonna show you the actual
process of installing Android on your
phone because I guess you tired if
seeking tired of this windows mobile 6.1
6.5 whatever it is okay so now you got
it you get onto your phone disconnected
see no USB cable and sorry for the
focused thingy I don't know what's wrong
my camera you click on the start you go
to programs just wait let me just try to
adjust this because it's really annoying
okay I think it's cool like that your
file explorer wait let me just do this
file explorer and you go to your storage
card it's that's what it's called on
your phone okay so you guys can't see
here but we
okay sorry there will be an application
called haratz
and you got to click on that okay that's
going to vibrate twice like you just did
and then these weird thingies are gonna
show up but now it decides to focus
okay so just gotta wait while this thing
finishes it will take a bit long on your
folder on your first booting whatever
the first time you do this but the
second time or the rest of the times you
do this it won't take long at all to two
to four minutes that's how long it will
take or to the present the letter
thingies and soon it will go on to this
XD Android now we just gotta wait for it
to do its buggy things
you look like bugs
I wanna check my iPad
I've had to
I got a lot of cool apps and you don't
die jokes but you have more apps than me
while we wait for the phone to finish
doing its weird thingy I have an awesome
game it's about zombies see
you gotta kill them niggas man okay I'm
not that good my little brother's way
better than me so yeah okay guys YouTube
whatever your names are after it
finishes doing that a long process it's
gonna ask you for the pin code if you
have your SIM card inside and if you
don't it's just gonna come up um this
weird screen is gonna come up okay so
stop looking at my passcode okay I'm
knocking sim and yeah that's it that's
how you get enjoyed on to your phone
your blacks down or touch HD which is
the same thing
I haven't tested everything I don't know
if everything works but so far yeah it
does
camera
wait
yep camera works
if he go to your settings
and you click on about song wait my
cameras bad man
stupid thing focus
okay since it's refusing to focus I
guess yeah I'll have to tell you what's
written on here it works as Android
version version here Android 2.2 point
to build number FRX 0-7 and this thing
Jane's your bad she liked pretty fast
and yeah that's it but I don't think you
can use your SD card for music and stuff
anymore you have to download stuff yeah
so that's it oh and one more thing when
the phone turns off it will get go back
to Windows but if you want to get it on
Android again all you have to do is
follow the same steps you just go to pro
oh wait not the same steps exact you
just start from your phone you go to
Program Files and you click on inherit
but I'll create a shortcut to your
program so yeah whatever pace YouTube
please subscribe and like if it helped
you one more thing guys please don't
forget to comment on what you want me to
do next so P SOT I